#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.0b0
    # via facebook-business
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.2
    # via flask-migrate
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==10.0.0
    # via
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via flask-apscheduler
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-mail
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
celery==5.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
curlify==2.2.1
    # via facebook-business
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
facebook-business==22.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==19.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-apscheduler
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restx
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-apscheduler==1.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-marshmallow==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==24.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ads==26.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.166.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via google-ads
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via flask-restx
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
joblib==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via flask-restx
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.2
    # via celery
mako==1.3.9
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.2
    # via marshmallow
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via facebook-business
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via google-generativeai
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   flask-apscheduler
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via google-ads
redis==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   curlify
    #   facebook-business
    #   google-api-core
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   facebook-business
    #   flask-restful
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
stripe>=8.0.0,<9.0.0  # Added by Cascade
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via google-generativeai
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via apscheduler
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-restx
wtforms==3.2.1
    # via
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
wtforms-sqlalchemy==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.19.0
    # via aiohttp
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
